---
layout: post
title: Hunt for {Insert Team Name Color} October
description: OBP League Update No. 8 | 2016-09-20
nav-menu:
image: assets/images/banner-seattle-pilots.jpg
---

## Playoffs & Championship
Playoffs came and went and we are now in the Championship, Round 2. Before I dive into that, lets go back and revisit the Playoffs and the consolation ladder:

There was no shortage of competition -- err, if you exclude ALLCAPS v LANIER... that was ugly. LANIER has not scored this low since week 19. All other kept the scores close to under 30 pts.


Next series will be an interesting set of matches and just as close, I hope. Keep it up, y'all!

## ROUND 1: PLAYOFFS
### WARR v WILD
It looked like WARR was going to take his lead and claim victory and then WILD ruined it with his crazy comeback. Well fought match, folks.


What's incredible is that WARR managed to only lose out on 4 pts throughout the two week series; WILD racked up negative 42 pts from his roster. Top scorer for this series was an outfielder beating out great pitchers!



### SMIT v YSG
This matchup was close to the end. Another hopeful win for SMIT snatched by YSG's batters and not thanks to Graveman (OAK). Thanks, dude.


SMIT will try to tell you that this loss was due to mobile device malfunction, but don't buy into it. Sure, we're all dependent on them and they make it easy to manage teams on the go -- yada, yada, yada.


No excuses, great game, worthy competitor -- see ya next year, pal.

## ROUND 2: CHAMPIONSHIP!
For all the marbles... that's what will accessorize the trophy. There's a trophy, you ask? Of course there is a trophy! More details below.

### WILD v YSG
Can we talk about the swarm of activity coming from WILD's front office? One can only imagine the excitement of winning a spot in the Championship matchup quickly subsided into sheer panic when the opponent was announced... Yes, that sounds about right.


Throughout the season, both teams have been close in total points earned per week and can only imagine a very close match. Anything below 550 in a 2-week matchup is just not going to cut it.


Whatever happens, just remember this is a friendly game, with plenty of competition #DontLookAtMe

May the best team win!
