> OBP League Update #6 | 2016-08-16

# Ichiro 3,000
At the time of this post, we are at Week 19 of the season -- buckle down for the playoff race!

 >INTRUDER ALERT
>
> For as long as we can remember there has a clear separation of divisions, as pointed out in several of the past recaps. I'm writing today to tell you that the East has broken through! Hey, West, you have a (hopeful) permanent resident.


## BRYCE HARPER TO YOUR KRIS BRYANT

Another household battle took place in Week 17 and the results were much closer calls.

### SMIT vs YSG
In a close battle to the end, SMIT was able to win with a 32 point lead. Damn you T. Bauer! In week 8 SMIT took the win with a 134 points, leaving YSG in the dust. #Progress

### LANI vs KAMP
Last time these two met (Week 8) LANI took home the W with 50 point margin. This time around, she went for a slightly more comfortable lead of 64 points. Way to make it close. Great win LANI!

## PREDICTING THE FUTURE
Let's play the guessing game! I've taken a 3 week average and used it to call the winners of Week 19.

In my prediction:
1. Lanier will take a win from Home
2. I'll attempt to break ALLCAPPS streak with my DTD heavy roster
3. Warren is going to claim victory over Gordo
4. Smitha will increase his win streak to W3
5. Nayani will hand WILD another L for the season by a very narrow margin.

[image]
Current scores from earlier in the day

## PLAYOFF BUMMERS
Baseball is a fun game, right?! Well, just like the MLB not everyone can move on to playoffs.

Don't worry, consolation will be available in about 3 weeks.

## MR. 3,000
Congratulations to Ichiro on an impressive career and new member of elite hitters. Next up in the running:

[image]

_P.S. WILD, it was a pleasure to break up your ridiculous streak. #AintSoWildNow_
