> OBP League Update #7 | 2016-08-31

# Cubs .641
Final Week of Regular Season
We're in it. It's happening right now. The final match of the regular is upon us. There is a lot riding on the line for West. Who will snatch a playoff spot?

Will ALLCAPS and/or Lanier take a spot from Smitha or Warren? Full Standings
Very close matchups happening. Don't let up for a minute!
I, for one, hope the Projected Playoff Bracket stays just the way it is.

## Back to the Future

Many improvements need to be made, more needs to be considered, 3 week average is not enough--- but hey, I have a full time job to perform, puppy stuff and so it goes.

Let's take a look at Week 19:

### Lanier vs Home
In typical Lanier fashion, it was a close match. When your team scores negative points in a day, you're sure to be in a pickle. These were never more than 53 points in the lead. Victory is all HOME.

[image]

### Yesi vs ALLCAPS
This was the closest match of the week and plenty of effort went into making it as close as possible. ALLCAPS made some big moves and they almost paid off.

[image]

### Gordo v Warren
While Gordo has cried comeback several times this season, it may be too late. Warren had the cushiest lead of all, with 223 points ahead. It's time to dump the DL15/30/60 if you want a chance at playoffs.

[image]

### Smitha v Kamp
Another close match, but in the end Smitha took home the W, while maintaining a lead throughout the week. Kamp, this season has not been kind to you.

[image]

### Nayani v Wild
We all saw a red flag when Nayani was called to best Wild... I saw it too, but wanted to believe it too much. It wasn't until later in the week that I looked at Nayani's roster and saw the mayhem:
- Blank roster spots
- Riddled with DTD/DL15/DL60
- Healthy Gattis in DL
- A-rod, really?
- Mookie is not God!

Nayani, buddy, zero help.  Good job, Wild, again.  

[image]

## 2016 World Series
PredictWise is favoring Cubs vs Nationals. Lest Cubs can minimize their "cubbiness" and Nationals can keep Scherzer healthy and happy, I'd tend to subscribe to their predictions -- except that I won't, because I'm loyal to MadBum and the crew #OrangeOctober #hopeisallwehave #dontcallitacomeback

Hey, Mariners, where you at? Muy triste.

[image]
