> OPB League Update #5 | 2018-07-15

> *League Advisory* <br>
> Current matchups go into next Sunday, July 24th.
Pitcher starts are up to 14 during this time.
Games resume today.

# It's a Mad, Mad, Mad(Bum) World
If OBP had an All-Star game...
Glad you wondered that too. Well, wonder no more, I say to you.
Given the active rosters as of Thursday, July 14th, here's how we'd fare -- *spoiler* West would crush. East is trying, I swear!

All-Star Rosters with OBP owners and 2016 Points

[image]

Clearly, the distribution of players is uneven.

[image]

## Less is More (& More is More)
Is WILD's management style taking up too much of your time?
Tired of pretending you know what you're doing?
Do you want to do less work and get more wins?

There's a solution! Let me introduce you to a few folks:

- NAYANI (5-9) When it comes to laissez-faire (aka busy wedding planning) approach to management, he's got you covered. With 0 -- that's a whopping zero -- transactions/trades post draft, make your way to middle of the pack. Sure, third place in your division is not anything special, but hey, that standing (and L3) got there all on it's own. Did I mention he's not last?
- SAFE (6-8) Who knew that accepting a trade for Verlander would pay off (SMITHA > SAFE)? I did not. Rising in the ranks didn't come from management, but from riding the waves. Kris Bryant seems like he'd like surfing or the circus... Keep up whatever it is you are or are not doing!
`[image]`
- LANIER (9-5) Recipient of only 1 trade, also from SMITHA, she is making it work for her -- on auto-pilot (also busy wedding planning). They say that leaving points on your bench is not good, but that doesn't seem to matter to us all. LANIER is focused on keeping her winning margins just small enough to annoy her opponents. Average of 30 point difference in last 6 games won; 24 in last three games.
`[image]`

Weekly points by aforementioned teams:
`[image]`

## Jokers are WILD. WILD's are Jokers?
Congratulations on your 10th consecutive win. That. Is. All.

For those unlucky enough to have DL casualties and slumpers, *cough* [enter your disappointing player here] *cough*, keep your head up. All-Star breaks can bring new life to your roster and may even carry healing powers.

To the second half of baseball!

----------------------------------------------
## Profile
* Madison Kyle Bumgarner
* Pronunciation: MAD-i-suhn BUHM-gahr-ner

`[image]`
